README.md, before:

# inline-less

**inline-less** is a Chrome extension designed to help developers who want to use [LESS][lesscss] instead of CSS for some quick styling, but want to avoid the headache of including the library or having to worry about compilation.

## Usage

1. Install the Chrome extension by [downloading and opening the latest CRX build][download-link]. (If you're having problems on local pages, make sure "Allow access to file URLs" is checked in your extensions settings, i.e. `chrome://extensions`.)

2. Use LESS inline, like so, taking care to set the `type` attribute correctly:

    ```html
    <html>
    <head>
    <title>My cool page</title>
    <style type="text/less">
        h1 {
            &.header { color: red; }
        }
 
        // and more...
    </style>
    
    <!-- put IDs on your style tags for easy reference later on -->
    <style type="text/less" id="named-sheet">
    	p {
            font-size: 13px;
            
            em {
                font-style: italic;
            }
    	}
    </style>
    </head>
    <!-- and more... -->
    ```

3. Watch as your LESS stylesheets are rendered!

4. When you're ready to ship your code, click the extension icon for copy-and-paste-ready CSS code.

5. Done!

## License

This code uses code from the [jQuery][jquery], [Formalize][formalize] and [LessCSS][lesscss] projects under their respective licenses. This extension is released under the following license:

	The MIT License (MIT)
	Copyright (C) 2012 by Jimmy Sawczuk

	Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
	of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
	in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
	to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
	copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
	furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

	The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
	all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
	IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
	FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
	AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
	LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
	OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
	THE SOFTWARE.


 [lesscss]: http://www.lesscss.org
 [download-link]: http://jimmysawczuk.github.com/inline-less/bin/v0.7.1.crx
 [jquery]: http://jquery.com
 [formalize]: http://formalize.me
 [extensions]: chrome://extensions

Commit message:

Adding documentation to README about Chrome install process.

README.md, after:

# inline-less

**inline-less** is a Chrome extension designed to help developers who want to use [LESS][lesscss] instead of CSS for some quick styling, but want to avoid the headache of including the library or having to worry about compilation.

## Usage

1. Install the Chrome extension by [downloading and opening the latest CRX build][download-link]. (If you're having problems on local pages, make sure "Allow access to file URLs" is checked in your extensions settings, i.e. `chrome://extensions`.)

2. Use LESS inline, like so, taking care to set the `type` attribute correctly:

    ```html
    <html>
    <head>
    <title>My cool page</title>
    <style type="text/less">
        h1 {
            &.header { color: red; }
        }
 
        // and more...
    </style>
    
    <!-- put IDs on your style tags for easy reference later on -->
    <style type="text/less" id="named-sheet">
    	p {
            font-size: 13px;
            
            em {
                font-style: italic;
            }
    	}
    </style>
    </head>
    <!-- and more... -->
    ```

3. Watch as your LESS stylesheets are rendered!

4. When you're ready to ship your code, click the extension icon for copy-and-paste-ready CSS code.

5. Done!

## Installing the extension

Just rencently, Chrome changed their policy to not install .crx files from websites by default. You can still install the file by following these instructions:

> 1. Download the extension file from the website and save it to your computer.
> 2. Click the wrench icon on the browser toolbar.
> 3. Select **Tools > Extensions**.
> 4. Locate the extension file on your computer and drag the file onto the Extensions page.
> 5. Review the list of permissions in the dialog that appears. If you would like to proceed, click Install.

## License

This code uses code from the [jQuery][jquery], [Formalize][formalize] and [LessCSS][lesscss] projects under their respective licenses. This extension is released under the following license:

	The MIT License (MIT)
	Copyright (C) 2012 by Jimmy Sawczuk

	Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
	of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
	in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
	to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
	copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
	furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

	The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
	all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
	IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
	FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
	AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
	LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
	OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
	THE SOFTWARE.


 [lesscss]: http://www.lesscss.org
 [download-link]: http://jimmysawczuk.github.com/inline-less/bin/v0.7.1.crx
 [jquery]: http://jquery.com
 [formalize]: http://formalize.me
 [extensions]: chrome://extensions
